Change support stance of SagaAudit plugin (#4764)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/sagas/saga-audit.md

reviewed: 2019-09-03
---

> WARN: This plugin will result in a increase in the load placed on ServiceControl and the endpoint it is installed in. Use only if the environment is able to keep up with the increased load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARN: This plugin will result in a increase in the load placed on ServiceControl and the endpoint it is installed in. It should only be used if the environment is able to keep up with the increased load.
```

"Use X..." is personal language, it's just that our automation can't detect it.
